I'm honest yen are you are you still
doing my career work now I had one of my
brothers as a bike courier for years and
years I man this man i don't want here
they did it for two years in montreal
about three years in vancouver Wow and
my relationship of being a courier would
you bike a lot but you end up nowhere
great slogan there could be on a t-shirt
though that's really great [ __ ] huh
that new en yeah anyway like I say so
just saying a minute ago I don't expect
someone keyed you're actually friends
with durianrider or you just feel like
you're its friend because you've been
watching his videos for years I don't
expect someone to trust me or believe me
by default but the question I asked this
girl will do it is but this girl is
talking to just a few hours ago was look
you know if you meet someone in a cafe
and you don't know that what you just
met me nail in a cafe and your honors
mine and and I'm a complete changer and
your friends with durianrider like
you're actually friends is the oh yeah
you know that guy Jerry writer like yeah
I know it's channel but you know he did
something really horrible to me in the
past how are you gonna react to that you
know like I think you don't have to
believe me I think there would be some
level of curiosity some level of concern
like you know I have had some friends in
real life were pretty crazy I knew a guy
named Philip and he got himself into all
kinds of trouble if someone told me
there's someone told me you know your
friend philip you know he you know he
really hurt somebody or ii did something
out of line I'd say yeah you know yeah
okay yo sorry to hear that I just ask
that kind of question to people like
it's like it really not like I'm saying
you have to take my side you have to be
my Ally on that you really don't you can
dig it criticize me also or you can ask
where you can support durianrider it's
fine but it's just kind of asking that
by you taking that Santa's out by giving
sort of a people to take their own sets
that ain't gonna win you over with a lot
of people yeah well I it went me over
with the people who I want to talk to
anyway because you know like you don't
have to be everybody's friend and I'm
not really going for the same fans the
during writer has any way you know like
I don't do a fitness channel I don't do
a biking chin I don't do a weight-loss
channel
so you know some of the right people end
up finding my channel and sticking with
it and that's fine with me if I have
1,000 viewers of the video I'm totally
happy because i'm not i'm not trying to
make money into it so that's cool anyway
well yeah so you you assume you're
somewhere to the Ontario you were
assuming i was in canada all this time
okay cool there's a whole lot of like
out like oh [ __ ] this guy lives right
next thing because he's not gay okay
well you know now right be one of the
funnier things during right I said about
me she said that I had legal charges
against me because I was [ __ ] so many
women in a vegan group in Quebec like I
was sleeping on so much the vegan moving
at a time I have been living in victoria
bc i remember i just pointed out to
people i said you know if you believe
this is true have you looked at a map
and even see where a quebec is a huge
province already but like have you
actually looking about how far away
victoria is from Quebec yeah if some
other did Ben Cooper for two years it's
pretty far away yeah yeah so yeah most
of those most of activations they're
just not believable anyway so that's why
it's always kind of weird we see people
online you're like well if you actually
believe this stuff very writer says
likewise you click into the fact that
all of its so uh so believable anyway oh
cool tell me what about yourself I mean
you know so you're coming up are in the
vegan YouTube thing the videos I've seen
from you you have some stuff about ADHD
you had some stuff about no fap I know
we can take a summation rumor that
you're vegan and I can start yet you
know it's important question before I
ask you why did you decide to become
vegan or when Wendy did what was your
vegan story that's the life and story
was in 2011 I became a bike messenger in
Montreal and I quit and then went back
to witness it to myself okay so I'm
going to go back to being a bike
messenger I'm going to focus on focusing
on eating well and you know all that
type of health stuff so I found veganism
and I was pretty much you know rolled
into one
more YouTube videos and getting into
nutrition stuff and it's uh almost five
years and so clever so been a been an
interesting went to nutrition school you
know realize it's like a lot of stuff
that's focused on you know more meat and
dairy industry pushing so I was like
okay it's not really what I'm because I
thought it was like you know going to be
who's holistic nutrition not be actually
going to like a university-level
kinesiology or nutrition so I was like
okay well this is it's almost like going
to university but with more of a hippie
spin right person you know holistic
nutrition so I wasn't really into that
it just wasn't really for me so I
decided to debate but see how YouTube
goes and it's been an incredible
experience before on YouTube but it's a
lowly yeah go ahead boys a really
interesting puzzle at one time I was
looking at enrolling in culinary school
so cooking school to be blunt but most
of those schools the majority of what
they teach you is meat because you know
the really tough health and safety
regulations all have to do with meat
like you know that it's not just that
but it's not vegan but that really the
majority of what they have to teach you
is how many hours can you handle the
chicken how to clean the chopping board
after you've chopped chicken on it how
many hours can you handle milk and me
because that's you know all the laws and
regulations have to do with some
contamination and disease from meat so
you're looking at this stuff it's like
most of what I'm paying to learn I don't
want to know her Africa so yeah I ask
you most of the nutritionist options
will be lasagna yeah ya like like
whipping is predominantly based around
making dead kings case really good right
so you're kind of like a friend to work
in high-end restaurants in Vancouver and
sort of like what's protein heavy and
it's like you know like eighty percent
of what we serve is like meat in eggs
and stuff that's centered around that so
it's definitely challenging especially
like only imagine such a circumstance
where you're trying to you know let's
learn about cooking oh it's only he's
like your date you know old custom stuff
so are you are you still doing my career
working out I had one of my brother's a
bike courier for years and years i miss
man i don't want here they did it for
two years in montreal about three years
in vancouver well and my relation
being a courier would you bike a lot but
you end up nowhere welcome that could be
on a t-shirt so that's a real difference
[ __ ] bike everywhere and I learned
about law and learn about you know
working in bike shops and it is very
like in front you say stuff is also
don't feel like autonomy yeah like you
work with your selfs and that stuff but
now more focus on just like you know
traveling and shot going around the
world and you know that's what I'm
focused on but also are you going to
Thailand oh yeah why don't I do it I'm
gonna be going yet yeah well what I say
over the I mean you know again all this
stuff we can use it on my channel but we
can edit out anything that's too boring
well you know I mean I am a useful force
to talk to go silent I'm not like
bragging but you know what I lived in
that part of Asia for years and years
before I'd ever heard of durianrider and
you know that's always been a weird part
of the tension or contrast you me and
the other people in Chiang Mai like some
people you know when they asked like
well what were you doing in Chiang Mai
it was like I think the first time I
went to Chiang Mai was maybe 2003 but
you know I lived in Thailand Laos
Cambodia that was really a big part of
my life and I learned to speak the
language study several languages there
and you know like I'll just say this for
a vegan those parts the world they are
excited they are interesting and you
know I was talking to a guy a couple
weeks ago who had just been doing
humanitarian work in Syria so you know
the civil wars in Syria so he wasn't in
this area he was just over the border
the refugee camps in other countries
next to Syria they might possess cerium
area but you know and he was talking to
me and he was interested in learning
arabic and setting I said look I really
respect what you do but if you're making
this decision that's going to change the
rest of your life not just the next two
years but the whole rest of your life I
think you should look at some of these
places in Asia where there's a
connection between the culture and vegan
is a positive connection because you
know like if you learn Arabic and you
live in places like Jordan you know
Palestinian territories and so it could
be a very rewarding life but how does
that jive with your beacon so you say
like I do
appreciate like it's not for no reason
that vegans are interested in Thailand
and another one on the map it's really
special is Taiwan Taiwan is a really
unique culture of veganism yet just the
island of Taiwan and hard as hell if you
don't speak Chinese Thailand is pretty
well set up yeah if you just speak
English traveling around town is quite
easy taiwan not so yeah like I just say
like some people think I'm out here just
ridiculing everyone who goes to Thailand
it saying they're all full of [ __ ] well
some youtubers are full of [ __ ] ok but
if your job in my job everyone's job to
laugh at that come on guys you know I
think and I think it's fine that other
people laugh at me too many exactly
exactly yeah yeah you know like okay
Chanel as you say you know it doesn't
trust me at all I know I'm not
discouraging you if you're interested in
going to Thailand I can relate to that
so you're saying you look at you're
looking at doing a period of travel and
I'm guessing parents want one place in
the lift yeah yes absolutely so I'm kind
of just one way to get there and then
we'll see what kind of happens afterward
but I'm gonna be getting a six-month
visa to stay there and probably going to
be here you know circumnavigating the
surrounding areas and yeah just
experiencing what Cowan has to offer
well I mean six months is definitely
enough to change the rest of your life
and you probably know that the visas
aren't that big a deal because you can
cross the borders if you want to I did
you so again this is one of things I
used to say in the old days people
forget about this I said many times the
videos me and jury and writer have a lot
in common I did long-distance cycling in
Thailand I was doing 100 yeah 150
kilometers a day 120 kilometers are they
here and there yeah I did cross country
so i click yeah I was also doing
humanitarian work and research and
studying languages I wasn't just try to
comply sickle but yeah yeah I mean you
know if you want to do that stuff you
can and I think the question everybody
has to make sure I actually don't know
how old you are but it's still true I'm
38 I'm pretty old but I have to look at
every year oh you're 21 sorry 23 23 cool
cool cool um so you know I just say I
think you do have to look at every year
of your life in terms of how it's
setting you up for the next year's like
just to give it
example it's possible when you're 65
you're going to retire in Thailand maybe
you'll never go back between 23 but you
know he did the stuff you're learning
both terms of traveling there and if you
decide to commit to studying a language
or something it's it's not all meeting
once I mean you know Thailand I just say
this it's really easy to hate on the
places that are set up for tourists like
pacia is an infamous town and most of
the people need their hippies and vegans
and alternative lifestyle oh cool
they'll say oh no i'm not a tourist i'm
a traveler I don't go to these places
where tourists go well if English is the
only language you speak and you want to
sleep somewhere that has no rats and no
mosquitoes you know there's a reason why
the tourists go places and like patty as
an example so Patti has infamous because
it has a lot of prostitution and just
like I know I know I feel like if you've
just traveled around the world you just
taking a long airplane ticket from
Canada you don't want to get out and see
McDonald's you don't want to see western
food and restaurants and Patea is one of
those places a lot of western
restaurants you know but in terms of the
first place to go after you get out at
the airport you know the beach is
genuinely incredibly beautiful it's
genuinely easy to get there you can walk
from your hotels the beach and I know
what it's like to be in the villages
where there's no electricity no running
water nobody speaks English when you
show up you get interrogated by the
police and the police may be drunk while
they're in Turkey you can you can go out
to the areas where there are no tourists
and you might discover why oh my god
sure you can update out in areas I mean
this is more Laos than Thailand but it's
true of talents you can go in the areas
where there's still gun fights going on
where there's you know rebel army
activity paramilitary activity at
different times the Thai borders with
Myanmar dev where's the Cambodia be hey
I'm in all those kids if you want
adventure you can
but then yeah the places the tourists go
they go there they go there for a reason
but yeah at six months I mean it's
enough to change your whole life right
absolutely so it's going to be I'm just
yeah I'm just 23 method through that
risk or that's not really the risk but
that's one of my life where I kind of
want to just go out there and see what
the world has to offer I mean kind of do
great i'm getting wrong right but you
know in terms of the speed more cultural
landscape and what it has to offer it's
fun but it this is my home but i want to
go in to see other places yeah so again
I I don't know it special I presume
you're heterosexual or someone in the
spectrum but I have had many gay friends
and i really say to them the thailand
and laos kind of the most important
place to visit to give you a sense of
how deeply accepting those coaches this
is both thailand and laos they're
uniquely accepting of homosexuals in the
world of all kinds you know LGBTQ plus
plus plus the whole list there was a
transgender so a male to female so a
young man dressing as a woman and when
he applied to enter University there
they simply asked him do you want to
sleep in the men's dorm or the women's
dorm like they regarded gender as that
optional and there were guys in the
military in active military service you
know cross-dressing or transgender or
two to whatever extent and one of things
that touched me most when I saw it
because it was just such such an
unpretentious scene when I was on a bus
with my bicycle and put my bicycle out
of the bus you know there was just a
group of teenagers sitting and you know
the teenagers like in Western culture
fall into types there's kind of a tough
guy and nerd you know you can kind of
identify tight but all of them were
talking to the transgender teenager
there was a male to female transair
junior and if they were completely
normal it was just you could see there
was no their current facility so you see
those things I mean Thailand I do not
think it is the world's greatest culture
for veganism but it's interesting and in
terms of human sexuality the whole
spectrum especially you know gay and
transgender sexuality it's like it's a
culture shock words experience
you know it's like this is a country
that never had the Catholic Church that
never had genocide that never I'd
colonialism you know in in the sense
that we have in the wind I think the
whole Western world and they've come out
of that historical process with really
different attitudes toward sex
heterosexual sex as well as gay sex so
you really get a season right now yeah
yeah I grew up with a friend pretty much
GBC q community so I could you know i
think yes I'm me I did it you now with
who was it with as it with Martin and a
lot of people were like oh my god you're
gay and I was like dude like I was like
okay tell me whatever you want I was
like you know what and I think that a
lot of people who are inherently or
inherently but actually trying to be
closet or trying to hold their sexuality
you know it's not disclose it I think
those people are over macho right and
that's always asking something problems
people who were like no no I'm not gay I
love women women read those people that
are have their own issue so when people
thought I was like hey you guys can call
me whatever you want I don't really care
yeah yeah so what before the others
conversation was it mostly the
long-distance cycling that is yours to
you about Thailand or like I'm not
saying this insult you but was it may be
some of the ideas you got from
durianrider most people was it something
in particular that you wanted to check
out in Thailand absolutely i mean i
think with I mean for me I to be
transparent I mean seeing some of the
videos that he made in terms of the
landscape here you know I try to I mean
when I first went on youtube I focused
predominant and trying to make a
dramatic content I think your eyes I've
matured and made content you know if I
want to focus more on positive stuff you
know showcasing the landscape and yeah
to certain state for sure I mean to did
influence my decision going there
ultimately it's me who has to pay for
the flight and me who has to find
remember kok me like it's must not like
a youth camp yeah me what's going so
yeah I'm scared to say yeah people
definitely do have an influence on but
even you give me insight like that like
the stuff you puke and Eve just right
now about my lenses I just try to
collect information from air
everyone across the specific region sure
and it should be oh go on sure well you
know Thailand is going through a really
difficult political time right now I
mean Thailand is an interesting country
in so many ways and remember i was there
when the Prime Minister of Thailand
officially requested that they be
removed from the list of poor countries
use presentations on I mean yeah
thailand is is no longer a poor country
and like when i was in chiang mai one of
these i commented on in in a podcast i
did you know I was talking to another
guy was there I said you know in Chiang
Mai you really do not see beggars
anymore maybe you'll see one or two you
know the whole time you're there but you
know Thailand has emerged from poverty
they've failed to emerge from military
dictatorship that constantly their
democracy is constantly collapsing there
are a lot of those kind of kind of
political issues there it's a
fascinating place I mean the reality is
unlike China I mean here in China people
are learning Chinese is a language
because they really think they can make
money doing it Thailand is a place that
people go just to spend money and not to
earn money so like you know I feel like
saying to someone like you will look
you've got six months there you're there
for long enough you can at least test
out the language like C if you'd be
interested in learning lounge you know
i'm not saying jump in and commit right
away but you know they have a lot of
university programs there that are
catering to english-speaking Westerners
and they're very cheap by international
standards whether or not they're cheaper
than just getting University in Canada
for Canadians isn't that I don't know
you'd have to look at a case by case
basis but you know the problem is if you
do decide you know you want to have more
to do with Thailand and Southeast Asian
your future a nice place to spend money
terrible place to earn money yes that's
why everyone around you is there yet one
of the irony's I've never was one of the
one of the dramatic moments in my
conflict with durianrider there was
another youtuber don't get any more
Hannah Chloe what's her name and she
came out with this really dramatic video
at the time that said that durianrider
had this weird sexual encounter with her
okay cool yeah yeah anyway so Hannah
Chloe came with a story of all the
people I knew in Chiang Mai and you
couldn't tell this from YouTube channel
she was the only one who had a straight
job she was the only one taking language
classes she was actually learning Thai
she was really engaged with the relay
yeah and you know like I didn't want to
insult her about that but well okay I
probably did though I was I probably
send her some pretty insulting emails
and Facebook message when I know she and
I election but I was really saying to
her stuff like look you're not this dumb
stop pretending to be a bimbo on the
beach in a bikini like I know the
reality of who you are you got a job
you're going to school you're you know
why can't your content reflect that so
like in a sense that's flattering but
I'm being odd it's a pretty pretty
confrontational way so I just say those
those opportunities are there I forget
so she was doing like a part time
setting university courses and had a job
and everything man like see that's the
thing like if you if she was still there
I would say to you look this is the one
person you should really meet and talk
to because they're connected to the
reality of of Thailand in Chiang Mai and
most of these cats are not you know and
like I say there's nothing wrong with
the vacation but yeah if you want to be
on that yeah that's a really good
because I think yeah it's kind of
interesting seeing the levels of the
commitments you know doing towards the
area that's because that's a great point
you brought up actually especially yeah
I Guardian speak three languages I'd
love to learn what I want okay cool
English French and what's the third
person Spanish is Alana yeah well
proceeded to total monosyllabic asian
languages it's on another level of
difficulty aaaaa try to learn as few
languages as possible for mirrors my
advice for you so look a mad dog with
the stuff i mean if you actually want
advice on the level of what train to
take in thailand you can email me
anytime and i'm happy i'm really i'm
happy to provide advice for that stuff
and also i'm living very close to
thailand from thailand you could walk
you could walk from chiang mai to where
I am in China however you would have to
walk through more than one minefield and
at least one civil
or currently ongoing civil war so if
you're comfortable with walking through
rebel-held territory you know shoes I
have a book but this is a beautiful
beautiful parts of the vision I'm not
far with where I am in China they
literally grow mangoes in the streets
jack fruit trees palm trees is gorgeous
yeah I'm on the tropical edge of China
and obviously some people complain about
how repressive the government is here
but I'm on the edge of an ongoing civil
war and we have complete peace and
safety your real life problems edge yeah
so I appreciate the hard work of the the
People's Liberation Army of China the
army here it's keeping us you'll say so
I'm looking and you never talked to me
before you've watched at least a few of
my videos did you have some questions
for me come into this thinking we want
to get honestly I just kind of always
free ball it to be honest with you you
know I kind of just come in and try to
feel how everything is I think a couple
questions I probably wanted to ask
specifically is how what are your
opinions on the current state of the
vegan in YouTube oh you know I mean the
funny thing is I had a really positive
time on YouTube was a really positive
period in my life on YouTube just before
durianrider really attacked me into fame
me and created a joke it was kind of a
funny thing but I mean like I came into
it with low expectations I say this all
the time I was really on YouTube and
before that I had a vegan blog to make
friends when I left Cambodia so I used
to live in Thailand Laos Cambodia East
for all those countries but just to make
it simple when I left Cambodia I lost
all the friends I had in Cambodia when I
left Laos or Thailand also true
immediately before i moved to victoria
in canada i was living in taiwan when i
left taiwan i lost two friends Adams
have one so I showed up in Canada with
nobody and nothing and I'm really like a
foreigner amount country now I got
nobody in Canada see now that's not true
the only friends I have in Canada are
people who know me from YouTube yes
that's the thousand inside of it it
really is it really is positive for me
so it's just like look I'm going to come
youtube I'm going to talk about what's
meaningful my life I'm going to make
some friends and I guess I guess you
make some enemies but starting from that
really low you know set of assumptions
that really low set of objectives
youtube was really positive and really
successful for me and again from my
perspective not the number of views or
something it was really successful right
in that period before durianrider
decided hubert chapter destroy lee so
you know it's okay um and you know i
guess you know I'm always gonna have to
ask myself what would have happened if i
took that conflict in a different
direction than I did you know I could
have just acted like the whole thing was
a joke I could have just acted like I
wasn't upset at all you know and I could
have just acted like or you know I
couldn't you I could have even pretended
I was guilty like that would have been
funny too in a way I could have come on
camera and been like look guys I'm so
sorry i had this romance with a younger
woman she lied to me about her age like
you could you could ham it up ten
different ways right and the other hand
how would my life be different if it
actually had come to blows we actually
had the violent confrontation and you
say among other opportunities i gave him
any opportunity to meet up with me but
one of them was when I said look I'm
gonna be at this location at this time a
couple days in advance it said I'm gonna
be at this karaoke bar you can come and
see me but before that also y'all just
ready know this kid yeah the carry out
the actual karaoke bar was garbage that
the microphones and [ __ ] the actual said
it was terrible so I tried to sing but
it was [ __ ] terrible anyway so I'm
still resent it very rarely i go out and
do something like karaoke bar but i
couldn't i really couldn't sing i met
from them that's some cool vegans though
I mean I hung out with a bunch of vegans
who are not not idiot but nobody tried
to kick my ass let me tell you so yeah
you know those questions always be there
well okay your question was was not
about that was what what's going on in
the vegan scene so basically I'm just
explaining for me there's a lot of
fundamentally positive and wholesome and
wonderful things about this if I can
meet five people of probably ideally
Canadian five people around the world
who are really my friends
who are really motivated to save the
animals save the planet work for ecology
if I can meet five people were that kind
of positive this month I'm happy I'm
winning you know so it's not fake
humility on my part like that really is
my perspective on it and yes everything
else is garbage and yeah you see you
yeah you thought of you've had a couple
issues with them bigger totally look I
was gonna say I mean like a given i will
see just the thing all the time so I
just I just said to someone I said to EE
Evans in your commented to like meee
Evans I didn't tell her to stop
criticizing me I said look criticize me
but like raise the level of it like why
don't you criticize me with the same
fairness that I criticized your vegan
like it's cool it criticize me but don't
criticize me with this kind of
defamatory personal insult above my wife
and my daughter and stuff you know what
you better like you know you criticize
me which is totally legit you criticize
me because I kind of lost my temper with
ryan from happy healthy vegan which are
completely correct about I did that's
completely true and you know I you know
though I don't think I mean sorry I cook
no no it's cool by just saying like you
know I don't I don't expect people to
pretend I'm perfect or anything but like
you know you have a moment like that you
quite correctly said like when I was
first talking to Ryan I was trying to
relate to him on some common ground
talking about Buddhism and that was like
in terms of why i was living in Thailand
and Laos and Cambodia the first place
for me you know I wasn't there for the
gay sex clubs I wasn't there for the
strip club and I you know although I did
do long-distance cycling I wasn't there
for the cycling that was just a fringe
benefit I was really there because of
Buddhism and because the opportunity in
humanitarian work can be politically
engaged with the types of disasters
already talked about like the you know
uh ongoing civil wars and poverty and
that stuff that's that's what I'm into
in life you know mixing you miss Eyre
work yeah that's that's kind of guy I am
which again is a contrast to somebody
like Torian writer who doesn't do any
kind of humanitarian work isn't it
interest in political reality or poverty
or refugee camps in really different
strokes for different folks
um but you know yeah I was trying to
talk to some common ground with ryan and
you know so I said look I actually have
this background as a scholar of Buddhism
I learned the ancient scriptural
language of Buddhism of actually lived
in Buddhist temples with famous Buddhist
monks like I have a real background on
this and so and he identifies as a
Buddhist now you know his reaction okay
so his reaction pisses me off I can
choose to not show that we all do that
all the time in public you know somebody
says something that that aggrieved you I
can I can just ignore it or i can play
Ryan's game and yeah man yeah yeah yeah
you know I could or you know I can keep
it real on camera hey [ __ ] you who are
you calling a fake bullet [ __ ] you hey
hey no hey no you know you're not going
to tell me that Buddhists never engage
in war and slavery and rape [ __ ] you
look at the history of the world every
Buddhist country that's ever existed was
a bloodthirsty empire based on constant
war in slavery I used to live in
Cambodia Cambodia is one of those
violent countries in the history of the
world killed millions of their own flake
come on what the [ __ ] you know like
we're going to talk about what if
they're right so you know that's that's
it like it's a choice I'm not someone
who's not in control of my emotions but
guess so that comes back to like what's
the point of being on YouTube what would
be the point of being on youtube if I'm
going to kiss Ryan's ass if I'm going to
be fake if I'm not going to be real and
especially if it's about something like
Buddhism I think that's an opportunity
to really be real mate like it's
something totally personal it wouldn't
be if you're going to talk to me about
your break up with your girlfriend I
haven't seen your videos and I saw you
up some videos i just noticed though
tell you you know I see a little bit
phony well you know I think considering
cuz there's no point in keeping it real
like it what I feel like man you should
feel ashamed [ __ ] you did it man very
bad but sure if we're going to talk
about Buddhism or vegan politics or
something if I don't keep it real you
know why are we on YouTube any way yeah
that's kind of our children i agree full
pardons be with you i will because i
think that a lot of the people
specifically on youtube take things to a
specific level so fast
without any sort of substance and I
think that this right here what we're
doing is to think a very vital and
important part of how things should
operate I mean we and you know and I and
I like how you just mentioned the tweet
that you put out because it was cordial
it wasn't an argument we had a
discussion i'm actually really enjoying
this right now sure you know getting a
better understanding of each other and
so many people just get so pissed off
[ __ ] you later on [ __ ] out and make a
video response and it was like it's all
i'll try to have a little bit of you
know patience and understanding of this
is just youtube animation like a lot of
people understand me well i think i
think a lot of people because the the
most memorable moments they've seen on
youtube were of extreme emotions they
think the way to be successful on
YouTube is to be unreasonable but like
to get the example of when I broke down
crying in the video response added to a
durianrider like you know so i think
it's like 40 minutes long it's a really
long video I forget what it's more than
it's more than 20 minutes long right
like there's a whole build up to me we
think it's not it's not just out of the
blue and you know a lot of things at one
point that video the electricity cut out
in my apartment because I was in
Thailand you know it's a little bit
their world and at one point the lights
go out and you know if the computer
turns off like that I haven't saved the
file then the video will be lost so I've
just been there pouring my heart out on
camera and for half a sec oh my god I'm
thinking I can never record this again
like if I try to like perform a second
time it's going to be faked it's never
going to be as real you know so like
there's all these weird emotional but
stood annual final I break down crying
because I'm describing it's not like a
shallow thing I'm describing like you
know during writer says this stuff to me
what if this impacts my divorce case and
my custody battle with my daughter and I
said I don't think it will but I'm just
thinking about what if it did and I'm
getting upset and that gets quoted that
gets remembered as durianrider called
you fat so you broke down week
well so when people get on camera to
make a new video like that that's what
sticks in their mind is just the extreme
emotion so they think the way forward is
to be as unreasonable as possible about
stuff but it's not i think the way for
is to be reasonable and be real and if
you got the courage if you you know if
you can take the risk you know if you're
real about the stuff that really matters
to you you'll get emotional just talking
about it even if there's no other
conflict I can totally imagine I you
know I was literally weeping this
morning I broke down crying watching a
documentary on veganism is actually um
life according to Oh had it's a Israeli
documentary now L I didn't fill myself
week but you know I mean you know
veganism and some of those issues you
know they get to me an emotional way
where it's it's not fake i just i left
the manufacturer fake drama whether i'm
talking about politics or you know stuff
I really care about veganism or family
issues or break up with girlfriend
that's you know that's going to be there
and then you know you get to find out on
youtube um who wants to watch you may
come to despise your audience because
your audience may all be people who
enjoy watching you break down crying you
know kind of weird you want to see the
[ __ ] unfortunately here you know
they want to be drama they want to see
that's the nature of youtube it's
entertainment you know the route premise
of youtube is entertainment so people
wanted to entertain them I find a lot of
you know intellectual and intelligent
people who have actual substance that
offers are a lot of the times like I'm I
personally feel I have value to offer to
the community that does washer on
content and I do filled up with love
people who don't have substance and we
don't have a message to offer people are
the faker that someone is the more
people want to flock to that and it's a
very interesting dynamic we're really
nothing to offer people have this
massive fellowship we said why the [ __ ]
don't I have that yeah
like you know I'm not sure so like my
standard for having something to offer
is pretty low and then being sincere
here like if somebody asked me once I
was in a university and there was a
younger guy and he was wanting to
eventually get a PhD he was just
normally but that was his dream was to
go on a path and he had doubts about
trying to write and publish an article I
just said to him look you know stop
faking it just your honor why you
writing this article because you read
three books you're not the greatest
expert in the world that's okay you read
these three books I haven't the other
people who read this you're going to
read the article you write maybe they've
read one of those books maybe they've
read to maybe the red zero that's your
audience that's what you have to offer
you took the time to write these three
books now you're going to come on
YouTube and talk about it are you going
to write the sister and that's cool you
don't have to pretend to be anything
else you don't have to pretend to be an
expert and I feel that way you know
about YouTube whatever it is like like
if your experience is you're going to
Thailand for these reasons and you don't
know fine you know like just be honest
about that like maybe before you go to
Thailand you're going to read three
bucks great that that really is enough
you can just look I'm a Canadian guy I
got interest in Thailand for this reason
I read these three books and now i'm
here asking myself these course great
that really is something to offer so
like in a sense starting from being
honest with yourself about your
ignorance means you've always got to
offer exactly well so i assume i assume
you're not you're not married yeah no no
no no no Who I am a child free a single
thank you it's good you said that
because some of my viewers may may be
interested but you know I mean that to
me that's the ultimate reward about
keeping it real I had a young woman you
know really trying to holler at me for
at least a couple weeks or a couple
months and you know I hit a turning
point in the in the conversation or in
the seduction because you know what I
realized was like you know you meet
people on the internet and your main
concern is like you know does this
person have like delusions about me or
misconceptions about me you know because
they know me from YouTube videos or
case from ready come on yeah but like
you know when you really keep it real i
remember i just had a turning point in
the conversation what was like wow you
really know who i am and you're really
into me like you have a crush on me like
for me for who I really am not for
someone I pretend to be or not for some
idea it was just wow it's just you know
it's just a moment that comes in your
head I know look for me it's not all
about sex I hope I have that moment with
heterosexual men who just become my
friends also who is another like but
it's obviously it's more striking when
someone's actually trying to seduce you
and you realize oh like you know it's me
you're trying to seduce it's not it's
not some idea you have about me you
you've heard me talk for hours and hours
of remarkable and man that again like in
terms of keeping it real on YouTube
that's the ultimate reward and like all
the [ __ ] like you think about that
moment if i compare that to all the
[ __ ] i went through with vegan
cheetah but I got this one moment to me
that's worth it now yeah my theory she
was vegan as well you know we had an
interview yeah I don't know if you
thought the interview with him in the
summertime we did an interview it was
like oh I was fan blowing so hard oh my
god first interview big youtuber is we
gonna be insane and like I didn't have a
camera on my laptop so it had to like
skype it from my iphone and then record
it on a canon camera so it was like
totally [ __ ] up my mom was like [ __ ] I
want to go to bed I was filling it in
her room and like I remember afterwards
I made a couple of videos cuz he's
having he's making all this crazy
content all these you know I think
you've experienced I'm sure of some of
the content he's made and you know and i
made a video and he all the sudden
turned and i was making content like I
try to make caught for me the contents
I'm a cop it's not perfect but I try to
look at a situation sure I gotta give
the viewer the choice of what they think
the situation is going on so I'll try to
present the cortical facts because at
the end of the day we're never really
going to know one hundred percent was
going on you know a because people lie
people
have their own they manufacture stuff I
should have looked at what's going on
okay this is what this person says this
is what this person says what do you
guys think and teachers God he called me
a [ __ ] pervert he called me a sexual
deviant because I circles like I'm the
opposite of a sexual deviant from their
own didn't even understand and add she's
got a little bit you know he was I was
you know do you now I had people
commenting on from the unibrow cast like
all that he's talking about you look I
don't give a [ __ ] like I don't even know
Charles yeah or not I was this guy and
people get us the problem of youtubers
like if I I'll probably never meet him
ever I don't think he can this is no
offense the child but I think he can
leave United States is a convicted felon
I don't think she can actually leave the
United States yeah so I'll probably
never meet him yeah and I never saw the
comment that you get in the [ __ ] he does
say I called him out once and he
retracted everything he said I think you
have something to say to me let's hug it
spirited debate yeah I'm it's weird like
a thing is because I'm an insider I know
Charles actually does operate by a moral
code it's just a really [ __ ] twisted
local code because like the point at
which I got most upset with Charles was
when he had a video up and I saw the
title and I didn't watch the video so
for like several weeks or may be coupled
like two months I didn't watch the video
and it was apparently a like a video
exposing me in my private sex life and
he knew he knew stuff about my real life
that because we have been friends like I
talked about yeah so I assumed this
video was going to be about especially
was gonna build one real woman in my
life ever from the title it was clear
from filling the other two a little bit
that it was alleging I was involved with
two women so I didn't know what that
because that wasn't true or maybe it was
some other story you remembered from the
past or something but I assume he was
taking the stuff we discussed privately
and put it on youtube and then
eventually when I watched the video I
was way less upset I should have washed
it right away but I didn't want to watch
because I didn't want to hate him I
didn't want it and at that point we were
like we had been friends so recently it
was like if he really did this to me
like maybe I should just never watch the
video cuz like you know i don't i don't
wanna ask what conflict if someone's
been your friend don't know watch the
video it was complete [ __ ] and she
knows the true
oh and i was i was really surprised
that's why i say like he's always had
some kind of moral code because he chose
to never say the true things about my
sex life that he knew and i still don't
get it that's why i like other
situations I'm just left baffled did
Charles actually talk to my ex-wife or
not unbalanced I think he did but yeah
he got de talk to my ex-wife on the
phone but I think he never reported any
of the real content of the conversation
like I think it's the same thing we're
he only told [ __ ] about it you know
and again there's a kind of moral
Colbert you know it's it's really weird
and that's why I like again some people
don't get it's like well why didn't you
still like hold out a branch for Charles
I knew him well enough I know what kind
of potentially as I know he has some
talent and he's wasting it but you know
that's what is your anything up looking
at a guy was like dude I know you got
talent I know you can do better this and
I know that part of you wants to do
better this especially now that he's got
a new girlfriend and doing the other
stuffs like he doesn't want to do the
same [ __ ] but nobody would anyone
would get would get bored of that stuff
yeah um yeah okay you want you want we
can plunge deeper into stop it or we
could change the topic you know I hand
it to you Michael brought a roll let's
just roll with it man I'm um so there's
something I've experienced as well [ __ ]
you know him trying on her relics I
wouldn't say her ass just your nail
created you know I would just downright
lot you know about me and you 10 n right
I was like you know he made up a little
bunch of [ __ ] and roasted me and called
me a [ __ ] idiot on his you not
broadcast your I made a response didn't
I was like this you don't have the ball
swing components on your YouTube channel
if you have an issue with me your target
each we're talking to a discussion there
you know and it lets you to do you know
with the weirdest thing with that so i
can compare this to the accusations with
my financial situation with the money
being paid to the lawyer like to me the
weirdest thing is people make up lies
whether to put your sex life or in this
case about legal and financial situation
and people assume that I'm unwilling to
discuss this stuff and with one of the
ironies is at any point if Charles or
any more even you wanted to have a
conversation with me about my divorce
I'm like I
really am willing to talk to people
about like the bars it put like it's
pretty boring you know what I mean but
he misrepresents you as this character
in people claim like oh he's hiding the
truth he's hiding what's really going on
so no nobody wants to talk to me about
it like you like you want to know about
like you know I'm like right now we can
again the middle river we're still are
you a cheetah but like if anyone like
anyone but including Charles the Charles
had ever sat down with me and you know
anything was like hey man like you know
how are things going with your with your
to divorce me I'm if anything I'm like
slightly eager to talk about it you know
and like if anyone want to talk to me
and so again whether it was Jeff Nelson
or Martin Lewis or Joe vegan it was like
if you want to talk to me about the
legal case with durianrider like we can
really talk you know the only limits are
like I can't give you my lawyers phone
number well I couldn't well I give you
promise to use it private like you want
to bone em you can like you know like
you know but like you know I mean I
guess there's some limit you're not
going to make harassing phone calls I'll
aw yer is like but like to me you know
those situations so that's also a weird
element is just because the accusation
is made people assume you have something
to hide even if if you're not ice and so
did he accuse you of anything specific
sexual iselin did he say you were
sleeping with your cousin or anything or
what he's just like just you know said I
was I probably [ __ ] grannies and stuff
and you know this hey what's up [ __ ] you
know you could nope obviously he watched
the notepad content and I make it you
know it yeah he kind of you know when
will this guy is probably watching you
know the most ridiculous anime porn if
just watching gaming [ __ ] I like this
[ __ ] you know cuz i made a response
video and i basically I critiqued him
and I said listen this is what you're
saying about people this is what people
are saying about the situation you know
and he got really upset and I would see
was like several of his you now
broadcast I was the first person we
discussed because I go obviously you
know I did my job if this person is
getting so upset about moon [ __ ] all you
know a little last part wrong in
montreal quebec you know so
what are these for because again like
you know I'm not instead of at all but
like you know the videos you made and
several other people in these kinds of
videos kind of just asking what happened
to the success of thousand dollars it's
like well I paint the law firm I thought
I was going to do it with money um you
know it's interesting too because all
that amping up the drama relies on
asking your YouTube audience these
questions and not asking me and many
times so I did you know I wrote you
saying well look if you want to know
more with the legal case like we can
talk about it I've done that too many up
during writers followers but including
like vegan Ava the vegan Ava's a little
bit well known well you pull out that
they look Ava like you know you're
you're making this content you know
depending on the stuff but you know
you've only apparently you've only asked
durianrider what the situation is and
you know during mother lied during
writer lies on such a long list of
things so and like I can't like like you
I feel like I can't even blame the rain
rider at this point it's like you look
at his audience and it's like when you
know he's lied about eight different
thing someone's in the same video why do
you think the last two things are true
right like I'm [ __ ] a whole gang of
women in Quebec when i'm living in
victoria how is that going to work in
effect man look and I'm enrolled in
classes at a university in Victoria so
five days a week I think like of so many
of the lies are not and again that's one
of the reasons we're when people make
this vague accusation that i was
sleeping with a teenager in Chiang Mai I
said no her name is Julia bore we have
to work what is the active at the
accusation and then suddenly it's so
much less believable right if it's just
some teenager maybe it's believable to
know you know who she is nothing so
let's talk about the actual activation
but you know when you know we slide
about all that stuff so why would it be
credible what he says but yeah that's a
weird element so like even cheetah she
does for months he was just freestyling
slander against people he just get on
camera and really spontaneously makes
stuff up I've seen him do it against me
to see him do it against other people
just off the top of his head is
inventing this [ __ ] but it's not
only it's not that it's not based on any
kind of research it's not like even
searched your website to see what
on a porn you're into or something but
like yeah but you know it's also refusal
to listen to you it's a refusal to give
you any any possibility of answering and
it creates a drama out of absolutely
nothing you know the next create the
viewership and itself is this little
this little pocket of attention and
drama and I reached on controls method
hey listen you know if you want to have
a conversation you're up on the top on
you now let's do a broadcasters have a
discussion if you have an issue with me
if you're going to make a [ __ ] claim
like that dude like damn mannie's you
know you know what I tried to be tactful
I tried to be you know I didn't try to
swear or try to be disrespectful you
know I mean and I really recently try to
focus predominantly even when you
mention the videos i made about you
other folks all right like some of the
stuff I can't even like I just wrote
them down completely you know what I
mean you already sent me the link I just
yeah you know and ya know for me like
part of it is like really thinking about
in terms of the future of the movement
like I said whatever an hour ago you
know I came out here to make friends and
that's why I still feel positively about
YouTube even though I I've suffered so
much or they wanna say but like you know
even if it's just the level of meeting
people at a conference or at a party or
a potluck or you know okay so when I go
back to Canada and I go to Toronto and
I'm eat vegan gains or something you
know whatever the setting is for that
mean in berlin and london in all these
places they have real you know vegan
meetups and uh you know Israel they're
these places are these centers of vegan
activist how are you going to face up to
people if the whole theme is based on
ratting out your friends about their sex
lives or something you know I it's just
funny and like it's weird because like
the only things that have happened in my
life that are like even a little bit
scandalous I'm even eager to talk about
you don't think YouTube I'm you know
yeah so it's the weirdest thing so it's
the weirdest thing where people are like
one of the threats one of those people
in the drama scene often phrase this
stuff is you know if you have dirt if
you have something hidden then it
going to be exposed it's like I feel
like I'm only on YouTube you know to
expose the only dirt about the party in
a pretty boring life you know what were
my life you know I was in University it
was a full-time university student then
I was a full-time Chinese student you
know like the hours of the day what I
was doing not that scandalous you want
the hidden security video cam footage of
me sitting with the book you know put
your writing out of private like what
you know what is what is there to expose
right yeah so you know what I think yeah
that's a great that's a great point you
know there's people are so I think the
vegan seen in general I mean it's got
those different factions here to me like
you have like the educational people and
I don't know how you feel about Emily
and with the whole bite size but I first
made for me I have a fan of work because
I just find her content very appealing
to a wider range of people just when
she's very non-confrontational to
certain people and obviously there's a
whole thing going on with her and Aaron
and universal and obviously Charles
getting his you know wicking something
that is probably nothing to do with him
but there's different factions like
there's the drama there's the education
resource it's like there's so many
different communities within vegan
youtube yeah I'd be I sit on Facebook a
couple out sorry sorry on on Twitter a
couple hours ago I just started using
Twitter I never use put her in the past
cool hey khlo its let go it anyway you
know I said on Twitter that you know um
I think in your interactions with people
on the internet there's a test you can
ask yourself would I be saying this to
them if we were just in a cafe it was a
strange guy but I was getting doing a
cafe you know again I also can be
criticized for this would I have been
such an [ __ ] to ryan from a PLT vegan
in a cafe yes I I don't know you know
any in a subtle way he was an [ __ ] to
me to just he was cutting me off all the
time you say no we're not going to talk
about that he was cutting in that way
and just shutting down the search I
don't think he would have acted that way
in the cafe but if he did maybe I woulda
just walked out of the cafe because
normally you know that's not really the
way I conversation cafe go
but you know uh I think that is a
question asked but then I had another
like whatever so 10 minutes later I made
another statement said wait you know
what maybe part of the problem is people
in order today they're not used to
talking about politics in a cafe at all
but they don't have that experience they
only know how to do this on the internet
so that's why they've become like so
separated and I really do think about
that well what happens when one day you
know me and vegan gains or me and vegan
cheetah or any of these people when
we're actually in the same cafe and I
mean I guess you're going to see that in
Chiang Mai too right I mean nobody means
immediately like I may meet you one day
in Canada but you know you're about to
go to one of the crossroads of the world
where you are going to meet other vegan
face to face so to some extent whatever
reputation you've got on YouTube you got
to wear it right that's why you know I
realize that you know it's not just sort
of an immediate reaction you receive
it's also sort of a long-term image you
do promote meant for me personally like
I do realize my impact on youtube and
I'm trying to rectify that and put that
into the most positive atmosphere that's
why interactions like this like we're
having a conversation in genuine I've
actually really enjoyed this by the way
there's a great conversation you know
and so these people like talking to
people that have always your leader said
stuff about me or if I were to have
something to say to someone I would
change to their fake like I'm not scared
to tell people things if I were to see
Charles or if I were to see anyone I've
had an issue with you know like Dom
Bowers that I was the dullest youtuber
on the planet and I actually love that
and I you know I don't have any problems
with these people like that a lot of
people have a hard time understanding
this is just youtube I mean this is not
like real life is minus 10 degrees
Celsius are right now in Montreal I'm
taking my little puppy for a walk that's
real life here and I think good I'm not
allowed to say like for me it's even a
step beyond that because all these
people because they're vegan like I want
them to win I want us to win as a group
of vegans and even as individual only
like even people who really slandered me
and very childish like vegan Ava or
whatever you know I'd like to see them
doing well on their lives
or even doing well on social media or
whatever whatever the goals are you know
what I mean so that that's also kind of
a funny conflict but you know again
keeping all the real i don't i don't see
a lot of that from other people i know
it trying to get stalking people and I
mean like I really I mean more and more
I said like it I would I just like
another case study but it is more of a
made a video where I asked my audience
what they wanted to see you because I'm
always trying to better myself the more
like to interview converse with people
and I think it's such an important thing
you know it's one thing making a video
but it's one thing actually talking to
people here I mean actually having a
conversation having you know it's just a
good debate you know I mean just talking
about certain subjects because I'm going
at last on YouTube well I don't you'll
see how this changes things mean for me
the first time I had a dialogue video
was actually with a guy named violent
vegan he's not violent it's a joke name
but you know it really changed the way
people perceive me I can remember or
comments i had on youtube wasn't
insulting but there was a comment that
said yeah i like about what CL ok but
the only youtuber I really support its
dom bauer because he's a normal person i
I remember this one there was this
really strange procession me that I was
not a normal person and then it's only
when people heard me in conversations
that you start to chip away at that and
I think I think you'll you'll have that
too and like your behavior on camera
it's not that it's so crazy but you know
you're in a wooden crate on an exercise
by a quarter you know it's a little
strange but like for a lot of people
this will probably so probably the first
time that they've heard you being a
normal person and you know they may be
know you from which spawned syndrome or
something so you know again I'm gonna
stop recording now we can keep talking
for a while but you know I hope this out
you know closeness YouTube Justin
positive for you and like I always say
to people like again whether it's lance
carbs strong or vegan gains something I
say again again is I hope I still know
you five years from now and that's you
know ultimately ultimately for me that
is about the future of the movement i
banished yen